TESTED APPLICATION

* https://httpbin.org/
- This website is a simple REST API Testing Service website that have features of supporting HTTP request and response for the purpose of testing. 
  This website also been developed to be publicly accessible, and designed for testing, that is why this website equipped with various features like:
  1. Support various HTTP method such as, GET, POST, PUT, AND DELETE
  2. Response format like JSON, HTML and images
  3. Status code, like 200 OK or 404 Not Found
  4. Basic authentication, which enables user to simulate client behaviour with authentication request
  5. Dynamic data, which means this website can generate random JSON file, and even images with various sizes 

Testing Infrastructure
* This test was done using this specification:
  1. Testing Tool - Apache JMeter 5.6.3 
  2. Java Environment - OpenJDK 25 
  3. Operating System - Windows 11 
  4. System Memory - 32GB RAM 
  5. Processor - AMD Ryzen 5 5600H
  6. Network Connection - 131 Mbps Mobile Hotspot, which may produce additional latency

Test Configuration
* Breakpoint Test Design
  1. Objective: Identify system capacity limits and performance degradation when many users access the website simultaneously
  2. Threads: 50 virtual users
  3. Ramp-up Period: 300 seconds 
  4. Test Duration: 360 seconds
  5. Loop Count: Infinite 

HTTP Request Configuration
  1. Protocol: HTTPS
  2. Server Name: httpbin.org
  3. Server URL: https://httpbin.org/
  4. API Endpoint: /delay/2, which means simulating 2-second server processing time
  5. HTTP Method: GET
  6. Port: 443

User Behavior Simulation
  1. Think Time: Gaussian Random Timer 
     - Purpose: To simulate realistic user browsing patterns in average website


MONITORING AND DATA COLLECTION

Performance Metrics Captured
  1. Response Times 
     - This breakpoint test simulate minimum, maximum, and average response time of the website.
  2. Throughput 
     - This breakpoint test calculate the website's throughput when 50 users accessing the website 
       simultaneously by analyzing the requests per second.
  3. Error Rates 
     - This breakpoint test simulate the HTTP Status Codes like 200 OK, 404 Not Found and 500 Internal
       Server Error
  4. Standard Deviation 
     - This breakpoint test calculate the website's standard deviation when 50 users accessing the 
       website simultaneously by analyzing the response time variability.


JMeter Listeners Utilized
   1. Response Time Graph
      - This type of listener show response time in graph format, which is how the server response when 
        the load increase, especially when large number of users access the website simultaneously.
        In real life, this features is very useful to identify performance degradation or spikes in 
        response time under certain conditions.
   2. Summary Report
      - Provide a detailed comprehensive report in a table format that contains information like samples, 
        average, minimum/maximum, standard deviation, error and throughput. This feature is useful for
        post test assessment since it evaluates the overall website performance.
   3. Graph Result
      - Provide performance metrics during the test execution in a simple graph format, that contains 
        information such as average response time (Blue line), throughput (Yellow line), standard 
        deviation (Red line), and median response time (Green line). This feature is very useful since it 
        represents a visual indication about how performance changes over time.
